just uh a couple of quick announcements
so we are actually like opening uh our
coaching program
up on september 4th so really excited we
have we've had eight coaches that we
started training back in november that
started working
in like april the coaches don't focus on
treating like depression or anxiety or
anything like that it's more about like
helping you find motivation
helping you get unstuck helping you find
purpose in life
um sort of overcoming unhealthy habits
to like get
unstuck so a lot of times that involves
video games uh but other things as well
and so the results seem to be like
pretty good and i'll share those in a
second
um and so since it seems to be working
and people are like getting helped
we're actually gonna like have more
coaches that'll go live on september 4th
yeah so um welcome i i know we had sort
of talked about talking earlier and it
seemed like it just wasn't a great time
yeah i mean it's been wild um yeah so
tell me a little bit about
that or yourself or you know what you
want to talk about today
and thanks for coming on um yeah thanks
for having me i don't know uh
i'm pretty anxious right now especially
the weight like to get on the show so i
think i'll i think i'll do better once
we kind of settle into things
yeah what are you anxious about just
like
i don't know i lost i lost some i lost a
lot of sleep last night which is
probably
i mean no that's not good yeah whenever
i have like
this is this i'm awake earlier than i
expected to be
so i had like three separate dreams
about being late to this interview
well i'm the one who's late i was like
yeah well
that kind of makes me feel a little
better so it's all right it's all right
cool yeah i just have an incredible
amount of scrutiny on me
that's like it's really stressful you
know yeah i've kind of become this meme
uh and they're i've been harassed for
like three months
straight now like every day i get
harassed about
about the the things like
that happened three months ago you know
it was just like all the clips that were
taken there were like from
from uh from like two days uh and
people haven't really heard anything
from me since and i'm still getting
harassed for it so i'm like that sounds
hard yeah it's it's it's hard i don't
think anyone could act could be prepared
for it
yeah i mean it sounds really awful to be
continuously harassed for
i don't even know what they would harass
you for
like uh like my identity
like they they want me to be fired they
are
upset at me being trans um they
think i identify as a deer i i don't i'm
a human
i identify as a furry but um
that was one of the things like like
generally generally how i see
i i don't i don't think i said anything
wrong
um and i'm willing to like challenge
that like i don't even
i mean i have some regrets about like my
phrasing for assumptions
but i think my head was in the right
place
um yeah for sure
yeah for sure can i just lay out a
little bit about like
what this is and kind of like what we
tried to do here
yeah sure um so i i think steph you know
i
we try to treat everyone basically the
same and and it's a chance for us to
hopefully actually benefit from what
your experience is your experiences
sound
it sounds actually really awful in terms
of being harassed and trying to
authentically represent yourself
and either i mean turning getting
yourself turned into a meme i think is
part of the job description you know so
i i don't know how much
we can really blame people for doing
that because that's what happens on
twitch
you know we're all meme farming and it's
it's our greatest source of sustenance
and at the same time it it does sound
like a lot of what happened
happens to you or what has happened to
you sounds really stressful
and i'm just hoping to understand um
yeah sure
and and so can you tell us a little bit
because i i saw like
like is part of you know i watched
like a very brief clip um but i'd love
to understand more about like what it
means to identify as a
furry what it means to uh you know like
i
like please educate us because that's
kind of this the stream is about
learning and sharing knowledge and like
growing as a community from it
um if you feel like you want to talk
about the stress and stuff like that if
there's some way that i can help you
with that i would love to
sometimes you know part of the aoe
healing of the stream comes from helping
an individual person with something that
they're dealing with
um yeah sure and so if there's something
in particular that you want to talk
about or some way that i can be of
service to you please let me know
i think i think it might be helpful for
me to talk a little bit about like the
timeline
of my harassment and what i've been i'd
really love that because i really don't
know
so okay so i got accepted i accepted
this position for the twitch trust and
safety
uh the safety advisory council okay
um and that position is i'm one of eight
people
four streamers and we are
uh we're supposed to talk to twitch we
have meetings with twitch
where we kind of discuss and uh what the
terms of service of twitch should be or
the community guidelines of twitch
should be and kind of
um put our perspective into the mix
in terms of trying to advise like twitch
on what what direction
they should go with those things um
we're kind of just like uh
we're like a think tank like we're uh
um i'm not like i'm not twitch staff
and i don't actually have any like
direct control over
what's going to happen all i can do is
put my voice in and be like here's what
i wish would happen
um part of my blurb
part of my blurb was like about about me
about you know the fact that i'm trans
and
about how i um
have an opinion that voice chat in video
games
is uh anti-inclusivity
that is a non-inclusive feature
um and and that's
that go ahead can you help me understand
that
that yeah so the idea is
that in a competitive game you either
if you let me let me let me collect my
thoughts a little sorry sure i'm like
stuttering a bit
and uh
if you're uncollected i have a really
good tweet
i'd love to hear you when you're
collected because i think you sound
great right now
oh thank you that's really sweet
seriously i'm not
i mean i don't think you've come across
as unclear at all
oh well you know i've been it's been a
long few months
so i'm trying to be very deliberate with
my voice and like
you know it's very much unrelaxed to me
i guess you could say
um where is that sounds like you give a
lot of attention and scrutiny to your
thoughts and how they translate
into words and i i mean it hasn't really
been
that way like that's
that's that's the consequence of like
i'm like running these simulations of
how are people going to
spin my words and how are people like
how like
and that and that's what they're looking
for too you know like people i feel like
people are looking to
cause you know if they can frame me in
an inflammatory way they
benefit with clicks um
and that's like really that's really
scary and that's the game that's being
played like i haven't
i think my voice has been twisted so
much to things
that like because people
are looking for ways to make me sound
bad yeah that's frustrating
so steph uh you know honestly what that
sounds like to me is actually kind of
traumatic
so like when when human beings you know
choose their words really carefully
it's a sign that your mind recognizes
that you can be
punished for saying a particular thing
yep right and and so
it's interesting because like that kind
of scrutiny honestly reminds me of
people that i've worked with with trauma
where they're so careful about what they
say because if they say the wrong thing
or do the wrong thing they're gonna get
hurt
yeah i mean i i
i i hesitate to describe
what i felt as as traumatic because
even that can be used against me you
know because because all of a sudden
um if i if i complain i'm doing it for
you
oh thanks i appreciate you
[Laughter]
thanks dr k thanks um
okay so i couldn't find the thread i've
got a really good thread on it i'm sure
someone hopefully someone just give us
what you've got steph
that's all that i can do it okay yeah no
problem
um the idea is that voice chat using
voice chat is a competitive advantage
in competitive games you if you use your
voice
or you hear other people using their
voice that's like the that's like the
most
information data dense way to
communicate
you know tactical call-outs people love
it it's like super important
um the the problem arises when you're
playing is specifically in pickup groups
where you're with other random people
and you're trying to climb a competitive
ladder
if you speak they're they're you're
you're giving up your linguistic profile
which is like
it it carries so many identifiers about
your identity
your gender even if you have like a
speech impediment or a lisp or or a
stutter there's so many things
that can um
that can can open you to
disproportionate abuse and harassment
from from your peers um
or from you know from the other people
in the match and i think because of this
because we have so
there's so many social biases against uh
female gamers or
sounding voices i think
that's one of the main reasons why you
see more
men in competitive team games and
there's a greater diversity in
single-player
titles like like a woman won the
hearthstone finals
at blizzcon recently and
um but but you know it's harder to see
that diversity
in in other teams yeah
like in in team games okay
that's really interesting um
let me just make sure i understand you
so you're saying that like
voice communication basically exposes
parts of identity that are
disproportionately
reacted to in terms of like bias
and toxicity yep yep
and there's like it's not just toxicity
you know it
you also can have these like subtle
biases like your calls won't be listened
to as much and that's like a
lot harder to prove trump but just some
voices are less respected and
they've the person with that voice can't
really control that yeah so so
and then you're saying that as a result
since some people's voices are
more or less respected than others we
should
take voice chat completely off the table
false i don't believe that i mean that's
that's what people think i mean
yeah that's what i think yeah sure uh i
just think it's unfair
i think it's important that we raise
awareness that it's unfair like like
something that we should talk about it's
something that a lot of people deny
and i think this the strongest thing to
do is to
try to increase the data density
of uh other non-voice communications so
people
that feel like their voice puts them at
a disadvantage are
at less of a disadvantage because they
can use pings and prefabricated voice
lines
and i see you know so so what you're
saying so thanks for clarifying right
because at the beginning
you had said something about voice and
you know competitive
advantage so like you think voice chat
should stay in the game
it's just we should be careful because
since there is a bias within the voice
chat we can start to think about
other more resilient
communication methods that are less open
to bias
correct thanks for clarifying
because yeah sure i mean that's
something that's a little difficult
because like i say that it's unfair
and people i think people jump to she
wants it gone
um but you know life is unfair there's a
lot of unfair things in life
and the best we can do is try to make
these uh systems more inclusive
uh instead of like you know taking them
away
yeah i mean i i think i tend to have a
different sort of
flavor there um i'm not
necessarily disagreeing with anything
you're saying i just think that if like
the problem is toxicity like
that's what you have to deal with right
like everything else to me feels
honestly a little bit like a band-aid
and and begs the question like why do
women in games get treated differently
and like what's going on there
and if we can figure that out and target
like the toxicity at its roots
then that's sort of that that tends to
be what i tend to focus on
which is yeah i'm not saying it's right
or wrong it's just as a
individual clinician like i work with
individuals
and i tend to think about the individual
level so how can we change someone being
toxic
like how can we change one person's
toxicity in a game
and then i think because i think like
you said voice comms are awesome
and i i felt like i kind of disagree
with you a little bit if we were talking
about
handing voice comms just because they
are more open to bias
but your nuanced view i think makes a
lot of sense
thank you um it's interesting i wish
yeah i i think i think it would move
society and like gamer culture in
general if more women
were like winning competitive titles
yeah and so i kind of see that as like
the goal is if we can make these games
more inclusive
can i toss out a troll we're going to
see yeah sure
okay so like dates are all good but so
there's a troll inside me
okay and you have to please let me know
if you take this the wrong way but like
you know there's a troll inside me and i
don't actually believe this but that's
that sort of says like well if women
were better they would win more
right and i don't think that that's
actually fair but it's kind of
it's an interesting i just noticed that
reaction within myself and i was just so
surprised by that conditioning
what do you think yeah i mean i feel
i i hear that i've heard that troll a
lot yeah
and i don't think that troll is real i
don't think that like i don't think
that's the problem
i think i think the troll is real i
don't think that trolls analysis
the problem is real right that's what
i'm that's what i mean but the troll
even within myself i was really
surprised to have that reaction
because i'm such a understanding and
open-minded person but i have that troll
there's something inside me that's like
kicking and trying to feel people
and it's weird i mean it's a difficult
it's a difficult thing to be
in a competitive environment like you're
trying to play on a team
with four other guys and they see you as
a woman and
and you kind of feel like you have to be
better than your you have to you have to
prove yourself kind of above
and beyond your male counterparts for
the absolutely trying out for the team
and like because otherwise like if
you're not demonstratively better
then they aren't going to take the risk
with you because you're gonna
make some amount of the people on the
team a little bit more uncomfortable
just because you're different um
yeah it's and and that extra pressure
can
can break you too because you're trying
to be
at the top point zero one percent and
trying to trying to
be better than is possible is is
not going to help you get on the spot
yeah i've been
thinking a lot about uh women in pro
gaming
and also indian people in pro gaming
because there are a billion of us out
there and there's like there are no
very few indian programmers there are a
couple out there
but um actually maybe there are a fair
amount now that i think about it
may just be a bias on my end but i i you
know i would love steph i've been
thinking about this a lot i would love
to like take a a group of
promising female gamers and help them
like handle their stress
and like make it pro because if there's
if yeah if you're saying that there's
there are stresses that are additional
to like the regular stresses of going
pro
i wonder how we can sort of fix that so
that like we can have more women in pro
gaming because i
i don't see a biological reason why
women
like you know if the nfl it's a
different story or like yep
you know but in pro gaming i don't i
don't get it
but let's go back to the timeline um so
you were saying so yeah can you tell us
about the timeline sorry i went off on
the team
no thank you it was a good tangent um
so so that that that left a sour taste
in a lot of gamers mouths because that
was like the first that was like their
first taste of me is like steph's
this this this trans girl and she thinks
that
voice chat is bad and we need to ban it
um
and then um and then some really really
scary stuff started happening
uh i got the attention of a really
a really scary website uh that i don't i
don't wanna i don't wanna say their name
um but they uh
built a like portfolio on me
uh and they started working to doxx me
and
um threaten my life uh
[ __ ] yeah and they um
yeah and it was it was super scary i
just i all i could do was have
my i had some i had some my moderators
like watching the thread
um and just they just kept getting
closer to my address
and they were just kept like and what's
what's your understanding of why they
would do that what did you do to
evoke this is it just that you were on
the safety advisory council
or you made statements
they are a transphobic and
uh white supremacist website they are
anti they are they're like
radically right aligned from what i can
gather and they are
i am i am their enemy by identity alone
and so they were
uh so um
[Music]
and that was just one those is one
website i saw
i know of later or maybe around the same
time
um some of the chan boards
were were getting were were starting to
like
take note of me and um organized
harassment against me
so what does that mean i like harassment
like threads were made on these off-site
websites
with the purpose of um trying to find
and like like gather
gather hatred against me and like send
people my way or like
you know how does that feel go ahead uh
it's
um you know i've been streaming for like
four and a half years i've been out and
proudly trans for the whole time
i've faced a lot of harassment and it
this was a whole new level of like
like hundreds hundreds of people coming
in harassing me
my stream was usually like a hundred and
now i was getting
like like several thousand viewers
and i could not tell how many of them
were just there to harass me but a
significant portion were there just just
to hurt me
um and i think and it's
it
it's a complicated feeling um
i want i really want to make a safe safe
place on the internet like i
i've i
care a lot about the direction of the
internet is going and i
and and i really want a space where
people
can become better people and all this
harassment has made me question whether
or not
i'm capable of
having and maintaining a space like that
and and
that's that's been really hard it just
it hurts it hurts a lot
what hurts about it
like like i've been forced
to change my behavior and i've
compromised on like
my what what i value my space for has
been
like compromised against my control
like my voice has been taken from me and
[Music]
by your voice has been taken from you
you mean that when you speak out
you were met with a certain kind of
response
yeah that like well i've kind of i've i
well if i if i feel myself becoming more
defensive
and like even just kind of interacting
with with trolls
that in a way feels like my voice has
been taken from me because like my
content
my my chat interaction has been taken
from me
because i have to i have to be something
different i have to react
to this and i have to be in the mind of
these of these trolls i have to like
try to understand where they're coming
from to to
try to understand them i can't just like
not read and assess uh
what what's been coming at me
can i think for a second sure
so i i have kind of a weird question and
and is it like
me please let me know steph if i ask
something that you find to be
offensive or challenging in some way i'm
gonna sort of challenge a particular
viewpoint that you've shared is that
okay yeah okay
so and this is just more for broader
education
so a couple of disclaimers here so i had
a patient once
who kept on saying that people were
doing
treating him a certain way because of
his money
and he's like oh this person is jealous
like they're treating me this way
because i have so much more money than
they do
it's like possible right
certainly possible and then at some
point like i started wondering like is
this actually like are you being treated
the way that you're treated because of
your money are you being treated the way
that you're treated because of your
options
so like part of it is like sometimes we
get judged for what we
represent and sometimes we get judged we
do
and it sounds to me like what you're
describing is really scary and i don't
think that that's a fair way of judgment
i mean if we're talking about people who
are like
like truly transphobic and or hating on
you and stuff like that because of what
you represent
then that's there are people out there
like that
what i'm curious about is that like i i
think a lot of people in our community
feel like they are judged because of
some attribute
of theirs right like i get um like let's
think about the insult community for
example they say like oh i am judged
because of this like particular
thing that is outside of my control
about who i am
i am a beta i am a simple therefore
dot dot dot and what i'm curious about
is like
i'm not saying that these people aren't
transphobic or that they're not hateful
toward you because of your your trans
nature but what i'm curious about is
how does someone know whether the
judgment that is face
placed upon them is a genuine question
okay
how do i know whether
someone is doing something because i'm
rich or they're treating me a particular
way because i'm an [ __ ]
how does an individual like know the
difference of
unfair judgment versus fair judgment
um
that's a really good question and
you have to i mean people have to reveal
themselves
through context and i think if you if
you
judge someone for like if i if i judge
someone for being transphobic
before they reveal that they're
transphobic
then i have judged them unfairly
sure um but
when several of my other harassers
or say a whole scary website yeah
that's you know like i know some amount
of my harassers are
are transphobic are attacking me for the
wrong reasons
um do you get attacked for the right
reasons
i don't
i don't think so okay i don't i don't
know what i
like
i think i think a lot of i think
i've been by some by some people i've
been framed in a way
that um
people hate me but if they got to know
me they wouldn't hate me
and i think there's some people that
hate me
and if they got to know me they would
still hate me
[Laughter]
so yeah uh
and that and that kind of gets to this
this so there's
this kind of if you don't mind it's kind
of a segue into timeline point number
two
which is one of my first my first
streams back
uh i was trying to play celeste and it
was a mess i've
what i did is i put my sub only mode on
for a while
i'm confused when you said first stream
back what what
can i lost you there oh like let's just
say the first stream since the trust and
safety council announcement it was
either the first or
oh so so it was just the announcement
that got people
like targeting you just that you were on
the trust and safety council
100 we're not even we're not even at any
of the clips
i've said i'm already i'm already
harassed how are you and how getting
chosen for the trust and safety council
do you know i'm not entirely sure i
think i
i yeah i don't
um there's a there's yeah i don't know
the process i was just approached
by um two lovely people okay i'm kind of
curious like can i toss that another
little caller's thought
and let me except if i overstepped in
any way do you feel like i'm being
disrespectful or
or anything it's not you've been fine
okay and i'll i'll do my best to let you
know if yeah
please let me know so i sometimes find
that like challenging
people's assumptions is something that
we do on stream and just so we can
clarify our understanding
but there's a part of you that says like
you know the trust and safety council if
we really want to understand like how to
manage twitch
and if we wanted to be representative
twitch there's got to be a flaming in
cell on there
right uh
yeah yeah i think that that probably
would have helped you know
i mean are you being happy i'm really
curious what do you think you know it
was
no i think that i would have helped with
my harassment i don't know if it would
have helped the
well i would have helped the council
more perspectives broader perspectives
the better
and like yeah i have some
weird well i don't know weird isn't
really the word i'm i'm willing to speak
my mind and have
have inflammatory perspectives like this
voice chat thing which is something i've
stood up for i know i think that's part
of why i was
selected for this council is because i
will
speak my perspective and like that's
awesome even i
i feel like i'm guided by my own moral
compass
um that that
i think it's awesome that you speak so
thank you
yeah thank you anyway so sorry for
derailing you again so it sounds like
trusting the safety council happened
uh you know the internet started going
am i doing that right yeah yeah and if i
can be just a little bit salty
yeah yeah go for it all
this this the announcement came
before our first meeting um
which i think is just it's frustrating
because i feel like
i feel like i i feel like it would have
been more impactful if
the council had met a few times if we
had accomplished something if we could
bring something to the table
but instead i think twitch was really
excited to feel like here's a new
initiative
um and it's just part of my personal
philosophy
and i think a lot of other people's
philosophies too that like
when you talk about something you're
going to do or something you're working
on or planning like i think it
you're less likely to follow through on
it because you're kind of cashing in on
the idea before it like reaches fruition
yeah i'm with you 100 we literally talk
i i mentioned that
concept on stream actually last week and
and you know in in the hindu and
buddhist traditions there's this
practice called
mantra or mantra and it's like you chant
something
and but you keep it secret and one of
the key things about mantra practice is
if you disclose your mantra to other
people it diminishes its power
and that that's sure airing things
actually diminishes
their power which is useful in the case
of trauma
because you're airing things that are
eating you up inside and it diminishes
their power to eat you up but if you
have something good and you air it out
then it diminishes its power and you're
just kind of bragging and you're all
talk
and no walk there's something definitely
there
okay so so you were salty because this
is kind of a sign
yeah okay so then yeah so we went back
to streaming
it went back to streaming we went back
to streaming and i'm trying to talk to
my chat
and uh
um i i mean i say a lot of things in
that stream
and i i mean that of course
well i'm just like i'm interacting with
my with my viewers i'm engaging
with my trolls i'm i'm saying that like
the volume of words okay
the volume of words i am producing is is
great
okay um which is kind of maybe the first
problem is that like
now people have their like pick of what
they can clip out of context
for me um and then the
the first thing that really goes viral
is i say
you know i think a lot of you gamers are
white supremacists
and i think i think most people saw that
clip
um and uh
that that was that was in response
to to the previous i mean the stresses
i've talked about
and to you know comments of of people
um you know
arguing for ethnostates in my chat like
it was like i was actually
reading uh nazi ideology in in my chat
room at the time
um what's that but
it's it's like it's like absurd
it's like and i think that's that's
where a lot of this like
there's like it's weird because it's so
inflammatory
it's so terrible and
a lot of people say that i stutter every
time i say a lot now by the way because
i like crutch
on the word a lot like i use it a lot
for me to mean like attention you know
um and uh
some people love to speak
they they use they use nazi symbolism
and speak nazi ideology
to get a reaction they like to they do
that to troll and i'm
i'm willing to i'm willing to think and
i want to think
that the majority of people um
that are using like say say nazi words
and use nazi
symbolism are doing it to troll and
don't really believe it
but i also know that some amount
are serious and
when you leave room for jokes you
leave room for people to be radicalized
and like actually get exposed
to these interests right ideas yeah
every joke and you know it kind of it's
kind of
it's like a weird spectrum and it kind
of percolates up to this idea
that i think the most mainstream kind of
uh uh ideology
how i don't know
words um this idea that some people
in society are like invalid of existing
in that society
and people um feel this
in different ways but like like there
are plenty of people that think
that disabled individuals should just
not exist like if you can't have a job
if you're poor if you're on welfare you
are
better off dead uh and and i think uh
way too many people believe this either
consciously or
subconsciously um and there's lots of
reasons why they do
and i think it's really it's really
scary and that's something that like
trans trans people face all the time i
mean one of the largest things i hear is
that i'm
mentally ill and therefore should kill
myself um
sorry i should have i feel like i should
have had a content warning before saying
that i forget there's like a chat and
everything here
um i'm confused
uh a casual reference of of suicide is
uh can be a bit much for people i guess
okay
and not i guess it is um
so uh but i mean i hear that a lot and
it's
this so and anyway i guess i just went
on another tangent
um
i think they give us a lot of color
um i'm kind of i'm kind of curious you
know it's interesting because you say
like
some people talk about other people not
being allowed to exist i wonder
so it's i i've certainly seen that in
terms of hatred towards a particular
ethnicity
or gender identity or or sexuality or
whatever
i'm curious what do you think about
nazis should they be allowed to exist
um i think
there is a paradox of tolerance that
to be tolerant you need to be intolerant
of intolerance um
some real five-head stuff dude
yeah it's interesting so uh
yes i would say um but you know i think
i think we should judge each person um
kind of on their impact on others and if
if someone is
hurting many other people um i don't
think they should like not exist but i
think they should get help and they
should
be in a place where they aren't able to
hurt as many people or
you know de-platformed for example
they should be deep platform yes yeah
i'm with you
okay thanks for it was that an okay
question yeah
yeah i think it really helps me
understand kind of what your viewpoint
is
um okay so kind of going back to the
timeline so it sounds like you started
getting a lot of hate
then you made this statement that most
are you gamers or
oh you did it okay but see see
that's you you did the thing where
people think i said most gamers
are white supremacists or all gamers or
the majority of gamers
but the actual quote is i think a lot of
you
gamers yeah so so if you pay attention
to what i did i
tossed out two or three different
phrases because i wasn't sure exactly
what the quote was
uh-huh so i said you gamers or most
gamers or i was going to ask you
actually like what was the actual shirt
again
sorry to interrupt you but uh i mean
it's just that's like here all the time
i mean like
like when when i enter a new room or
something and people
um this this is an anecdote from vr chat
actually i'm on vr chat quite a bit
uh i had a uh you know people sometimes
figure out who i am
and they're like oh my gosh she's the
one she's the one that said all gamers
are white supremacists and i'm like
no i was i was just trying to call out
some of the people in my chat like i was
trying to
say how i saw it two people in in my
chat
and and uh but because i used the word
phrase a lot
uh i was i opened myself up to the
subjective
idea of what a lot means and that
that gave people the power to write
and create hate content that made it out
that i
that i thought most gamers or the
majority of gamers
then that like permeated this like
public consciousness that like i
had said most many or all
yeah and and just to be clear so i want
to point this out so
i i think that's just what happened
between you and i
right so like i said you said you gamers
or most gamers and maybe the vaude will
crucify me but i think
what i'm noticing is that you picked out
a particular thing that i said
and judged my statement based on that
piece of it which is normal
by the way does that make sense right
i was stumbling along trying to recall
what exactly your phrasing was right and
so i said something like i think in
the vaude show maybe it's a perception
of memory error on my part but i was i
remember
kind of thinking what i thought in the
moment was like i don't remember exactly
what the phrasing was like you or most
and the second i said most your mind
kind of picked up on it and then you
kind of jumped in and you said you see
you just did it
and to which i would say yeah absolutely
i may have done that
because i my perception could have been
incorrect i may have just
judged you based on an i may have made
a nuanced argument collapse into a
simple judgment
but at the same time i think that's
exactly what you did to me
because i was actually looking for the
right word and then what your mind
latches onto which is normal by the way
i'm not trying to blame you for it
i think it's just a really common
principle that we tend to do
which is part of the reason why the
internet is the way that it is is that
once we get burned by something we start
looking for it
which is like normal like so like it's
evolutionary that if i get bit by a
snake
i'm going to be paranoid about ropes
yeah and but yeah there's a there i
think there's a significant difference
between saying
there's a lot of white supremacists in
my chat which isn't i mean that isn't
the
direct quote but just just for for
example to say there's a lot you know
that can that can mean that can mean 10
like 10 is a lot
but when you when you change that
phrasing to
most most absolutely
more than 50 more than 50
and it also becomes something that's
larger than my chat itself
which is important for for like framing
how
how people have been attacking me what
do you mean by that
it means it's it's been it's it becomes
something that i'm not just referring to
my chat anymore
i'm referring to all gamers got it
um so yeah i i i'm sorry for jumping on
that
but it is no no i think it's good that
you did i think it's fine
i think it's normal to jump on it
because i've been trying to defend
myself
on this since the start it would be a
different thing if i misspoke
if i said most but i didn't and i think
that there's a huge difference
um and i think a big part of why people
have
been attacking me is because they
think on a personal level that i have
called them
a white supremacist unfairly
i see um and what is it like
to be
so misunderstood or being judged for
being judged in for something that you
didn't say
um it is exhausting in a word
it is i have to
i'm constantly trying to correct myself
and
um it feels like my voice has been taken
away
um if you've watched a youtube video
about me
uh any anyone in my chat i'm sorry i
said my chat this is a reflex your chat
i'm not stealing your chat okay
i like the way you said my trolls
earlier like it's like you have these
little
trolls hanging out in here
it's not my chat it's not your chat
stuff it's twitching right
yeah that's that's that's the truth if
any of y'all have seen a video
of me no no not a single one of those
youtube creators
asked for my opinion asked for my voice
or properly looked into context for me
none of them cared to hear
me um they wanted to make me look as bad
as possible
to generate clicks and revenue for
themselves
or they just were trying to
you know do the best job they could i
mean i guess that's
that's that's the most kind way i could
see it
um but even then i don't think they did
a very good job because they didn't
listen to me or hear me out
yeah so steph there's something that i'm
trying to like understand
which is like there's something oh god
this is gonna get so taken out of
context
there's something like incredibly juicy
and succulent about you as a target
like there's something about either what
you say or what you do or your
appearance or your identity i don't know
what it is
but there's something about you that
people like seem to really love to hate
what's your understanding of that
i think i am unashamed to be
authentically me
i am different i
um i mean
ah jeez if we move down the timeline you
might you might understand a little bit
yeah
so let's do that then maybe we can table
that question we'll get to our answer
sure um
sorry steph i keep on derailing you from
your timeline i really oh i
i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm here it's great this
is great we're like going through it
together
and i like that we're doing this in like
chronological order it's
it's nice um so
well the thing is i was
i was a little bit i guess provocative
is the word on my on my next stream
um because i was frustrated uh i was i
was frustrated that i was being taken
out of context
and that kind of thing um
and uh people were were spreading this
this misinformation
that i was i was a deer or i believed
that i was a deer
um uh i am i'm
i'm just a furry i think that it
it's uh
i am like
i'm trying to i'm trying to describe
that uh because furry can mean a lot of
things but i feel
i've in general i feel very welcome in
the furry community especially the furry
community in vr chat
i have an affinity for for gear i think
deer are really cute
and and pretty they make me go aw a lot
uh on some level i wish i had fur and a
tail
like like if i could choose my body if i
could be like
some kind of avatar uh you know i would
in a transhumanist kind of way like i
would love to make those modifications
what does that mean right i still don't
understand what a furry is and i
certainly don't know what transhumanist
means uh transhumanist is like
if you like it it can be a furry thing
but maybe it's more easily
understood as like kind of like a
cyberpunk
future kind of way would also be
transhumanist so the idea like i wish i
had a mechanical arm that did
all these things or if i if i had the
ability to have a mechanical arm
that had had special powers like deus ex
i would do it or um i have
i have a friend who uh
is so like becoming a feels like she's
in
yeah like becoming a cyborg you're like
is that a transhumanist
yeah okay so someone has like a
prosthetic leg does that make them
transhumanist
by by some by some definitions yeah i
would okay
so is someone who's transhumanist no
longer human
or what does that mean no
no they're like they're like upgrading
their their biological
they're still human but they're like
upgrading their form in some way
they're like yeah it's like it's like a
transformation into something better and
like an idealized transformation
which um you can see there's a there's a
lot of overlap
within the trans community and these
these other things you know we
i i i've transitioned i have
you know which is largely because i have
a preference for estrogen it works
better for my brain
um but it's like
changed my physical form and that kind
of thing and
um in a way that is
ah i really i don't i don't have i don't
have like super nuanced uh
answers to your questions but i hope you
know where i'm getting that with that
well yes okay can you tell me what it
means to be a furry
i think i don't want to represent the
entire furry community
i don't i don't want to like i
especially don't want to misrepresent
them
but i think to be a furry you would you
wish your body had
animal attributes um
hold on like ish
your body
head
okay keep going thanks for pausing uh
like
like fur or a tail and i think people
can have
like uh dysphoria about that too um
like you know feeling like they should
have a tail
or they are sad that they don't have one
etc uh there's also furry
furry feelings of like uh furries
in my experience are also and kind of
myself included are trying to be
kind of more uh in touch with
their natural animalistic side like kind
of i guess the
the inverse of being civilized like
whatever whatever you feel like
civility is you know do we really need
that
can we just make yeah primal primal
noises
primal primal expressions of emotion and
that kind of thing and trying to get in
touch with that is also
uh something that you see in the furry
community
okay um and the furry community is also
like uh
is is kind of like a safe space and and
in for for queer people and a lot of
queer people go to the queer community
in the queer community
like the queer community and the furry
community are very
very intermax in intermingled because
they're both
societally like outcast in in some
regards they're
allies the enemy of my enemy is my
friend
yeah yeah and what is it what does it
mean to be clear
uh queer is
um you know that's
i don't think i've ever been asked that
and and it should be an easy question
but it's uh it's it's a lot of things to
be queer to me is like
it's like the largest of the umbrella
terms like if trans is an umbrella
and and gay is an umbrella like queer is
the umbrella of umbrellas
so what is it an umbrella for uh
any sexual or
uh any sexuality or identity
or gender identity that is outside of
the norm
nor meaning heteronormative and cis
gendered hetero
yeah yeah right
okay so so
queer is anything that is not
heterosexual
or assistant straight yes cisgender
heterosexual correct thanks thanks for
clarifying some of these terms because
like yeah
my definition of queer comes from the
toxic internet
which is that it's something that you
call your teammates when they disappoint
you in video games when you make a
mistake
right right right that's not and yeah
i i personally i don't consider queer
slur i think it's
it's just a lovely large umbrella yeah
yeah
some people said what i'm saying is that
like the reason i'm asking for a
clarification is because
words get used a lot by people who
mean something entirely different like
when i feed in my lane and dota my
experience of the word queer is that's
when i get called
but that's not i don't think that's what
it's supposed to mean
and i actually really appreciate you
redefining what the norm is
because i think it's better for people
to say that you know
uh yeah so thank you yeah i'm with you
there
you're you're welcome i suppose it's the
right answer
um so so when when you kind of say like
when you identify as authority and i get
that you don't represent the entire
community because i think a big part of
what we do here is that
the assumption that we're talking to one
person right and and what we try to do
here is understand
what about this person or what about
this conversation applies to me like
that's the whole
foundation of aoe healing that we can
have one conversation with an individual
person
something about that person can resonate
with everyone else who's watching
so can you just tell us what it means to
you to be a furry
uh yeah well i would like to get more in
touch with my
with my primal side i think when i'm
really comfortable i make a lot of
uh immediate like impulse
noises to emotional stimulus um
especially when i'm feeling safe and
that's something i want to foster and
get better at because i feel like that
helps the people i love understand me
and
and like know know how i'm feeling like
immediately i feel like
stuff like that we've we've lost um
and but does that make you different
from other people
like making primal noises when you feel
emotionally safe isn't that like just
part of being human
or am i missing something there i think
that's that's it i think it is
but i think a lot of people repress that
so i don't think that necessarily makes
me afraid but like maybe it makes me
a human furry in the sense that like
i am uh trying to be more of a human
animal
instead of like this civilized
you know idea of what a human should be
okay interesting okay that that's
helpful so you think like a lot of
civilization is
restrictive yeah yeah
and we engineering underwear instead of
freaking
yeah sure so totally totally
yeah and uh well and i think a lot of
these systems like
it's it's a shame i i think a lot of
people are more
have are way more beautiful than they
know and they're they are trying to be
something else
that is not themselves and i really wish
to inspire authenticity into people
um and that's something that like is
something i like about being trans you
know um
because my my off i wear my authenticity
in that sense like i know i'm trans
i know i'm a woman like i know this
transition was right for me
um and hopefully that can help inspire
other people to
take on whatever whatever transition
they're looking for in their life and
like
and make make the change to be more them
i know we have a timeline to get through
but man do i have so many questions so
let's do the timeline
and then i would love to hear your
perspective about what it means to be
trans and how would someone know if
they're trans
but let's get to the timeline can i
table that get to that
yeah okay yeah okay yeah so
let's go um
finish the timeline i mean it's ongoing
we got it
okay i mean we've gone for two days
or so like two or three days okay i'm
not going to respond
go i should stay silent i shall let you
reclaim your voice
staff oh thank you you've been you've
been you've been great dr k
thank you so much for having me on um
so okay i mean that is sort of
authoritarian isn't it i will let you
reclaim it once
interesting right as if it's mine to let
you yeah
the very opposite of anyway i promise
i'll be quiet
let me just put it back you know you
don't have to be where
where were we okay so uh yes there's the
second comment
and then yeah day three so i get a
little i get a little trolley on
on the third the third event and this is
this is something i kind of regret
and i was talking about people taking
things out of context
and i was trying to make a point uh like
a
like a tangible point about how things
are taken out of context and i
say that like i i preface what i'm about
to do
with you know watch this get taken out
of context too
and then i say something along the lines
of
uh like i'm a deer i think i'm a deer i
love to prance outside my backyard
and eat grass and and then i say okay
like that was a joke like i don't mean
that and of course
of course i knew what was going to
happen
i poked it anyway i poked that universe
anyway and i just let it happen
i made it happen but in a way it was
empowering
but in a way it was totally the wrong
wrong thing to do
i don't i still don't know i kind of
maybe things that are empowering are the
wrong thing to do
yeah yeah
so what happened everywhere
everywhere some like prominent some i
don't i don't want to like
i don't i don't want to shout out some
especially some prominent like
right-wing personalities especially a
specific
uh very popular radio talk show host
aired that clip on on their show
talking about how ridiculous the
leftist media and twitch has gotten to
hire
a person who believes they're a deer on
their
uh advisory council and uh
oh my gosh i underestimated how
poor journalistic integrity is these
days
because if anyone had looked into it
right if anyone had you been i'm like so
steph i don't think you underestimated i
know i'm supposed to shut up but i can't
help myself
you don't underestimate journalistic
integrity you
you underestimated the succulents
of you the succulents of me
that's the best word you just you just
titled my autobiography
right like i mean you can't give the
dankest
memers in the universe
something so juicy it's not it's not
about journaling like what do you think
these people are right
you're right you're right dank is so
sweetest
highest quality it's delicious it is i
gave them what they want to say
you gave them exactly yes i gave them
exactly what they can't expect them not
to eat it come on
but at least i said at least i said like
you're gonna eat this
you know at least no way like that gave
me that gave me some strength to be like
yeah you want this
boy do they want it they do
and then okay so what happened next
uh i mean that's oh
okay and then and then kind of
simultaneously
um this is i'm just getting into more of
my like
oh yeah so that's that's event two out
of three if there's a third event
that i think i have i have you know in a
little bit of a way avoid it because
it's
um it's more it's more personal
um but i reached the top
of live stream fails
oh yeah multiple top
live stream fails finishes thank you i
actually maybe there's a speed run
any percent
first place or so i guess it's 100 uh
live stream fails um for some really old
content of me getting head scritches
by my lovely partner
um and making i was
it was it was a cozy stream it was
disclaimered and it was mature
although i don't believe i i
nothing about it was sexual um where
i was lying on some pillows just here in
this room
and my partner was giving me gentle
touches on my on my scalp and head and i
was
trying to be as primal as possible and
and making noises of enjoyment um
i that was never sexual i was i was
never aroused
it was just an intimate moment between
me and my partner that i wanted to
demonstrate for the world
uh but that became the infamous
deergasm um that was
high quality juicy cringe content for
the world
um so thank you for your noble sacrifice
stuff
you know i hope i know i i i can't not
even i hope
i know i know i know it awakened some
things in some people
yeah damn right it's okay yeah yeah
i wonder about like you know all the
deergasm whether that's some amount of
projection
which is when they insert their own
feelings into what you see in another
person
just kind of curious definitely and
it's like you know it's like wow
i don't know like that it's just so
clearly not an orgasm
by like my like but
it's uh it's just
it's funny it's funny in that way it's
funny in that way because
um i think it's obviously not an orgasm
or anything sexual
but i think to the uninformed eye or
most of twitch has never experienced an
orgasm so they don't know what one looks
like
thank you dr k i didn't want to say it
it's too easy it's too easy deep within
me is a troll as well and i just can't
help
i can't help myself sometimes it's the
bait is just too succulent
but that's me
so so what happened after that
um well that's that's
that's uh that's like the whole reason
the internet's mad at me dr k
we're we're like we're there and we're
just three months later i'm seeing
um i see a lot of yeah i see a lot of
subtle death threats
uh there's a lot of there's a lot of
there's a lot of people
posting deer hunter memes you know if
you're a deer
then it's illegal for me to kill you in
hunting season i've heard that probably
a close upwards of 500 times um
and there's been some serious
serious death threats uh my that's
terrible
my address has been leaked i have been
doxed
um i want to move i want to get out of
here because
it just takes one person to want to come
and kill me
to kill me and you're not
saying a lot of scary stuff but you're
smiling a little bit
yeah because i'm trying to like channel
the absurdity of it and trying to make
light of it and you know everything's
kind of a joke to me
um i mean that's it's just a coping
mechanism
really um
and it's also something that like while
yeah
it's traumatic and it's like ongoingly
traumatic
um thank you for helping me like say
that by the way
uh it's
in a way i'm detached from it uh because
for my own sanity like in a way it's
it's
it's not it's not right now i think if
you if we actually had that interview
several months ago
uh it would have been you know it would
have been still fresh
but now it's something that i'm like
settling into is like it has a fact of
my existence like
it's it's absurd in a lot of ways so
i mean you use the word detached like it
feels a little bit almost dissociated
you know because yeah that's what
happens when we get traumatized it's
like we just say like oh this
can't be real yeah and you can't
you you can't sit with the thought of
what you're actually facing because that
would destroy you as a person
i would not be able to function so yeah
and you know 2020 sucks for for for most
people too
like it's a so it's a rough year for all
of us disassociating is the mood
into our into our nightmare rectangles
that's that's my name for a phone
ah nightmare i don't think i coined it
but yeah
um so that's that's sort of the
i i mean i couldn't tell if that was
sort of the end of the timeline because
the timeline's not over yet
um but you know you were kind of saying
that like that was like the third point
so now you're still sort of dealing with
this stuff
it seems like it's persistent but not
quite
as acute as it was when you skyrocketed
to the top of lsf
yep um yeah thanks for sharing that
sounds really rough
yeah thanks thank you for giving me the
ability to
like it feels really good to be able to
speak
um can i um
ask a couple of questions sure
so can you tell us uh what it means to
be trans
you help me understand that concept
yeah to be to be trans um
generally is a feeling of dysphoria
for your gender identity or your
gendered expression
or a feeling of euphoria for
your preferred gender identity and
gender expression
or or both um
uh to me um so what does dysphoria mean
dysphoria means a feeling of like
uncomfortability with your body it's
kind of like your brain is expecting
your body to be one thing and
gender dysphoria or dysphoria in general
that's just that's dysphoria in
general oh so so you're so you're
saying that dysphoria is something about
the physical form
a feeling about the physical yeah okay
yes
yeah it's like a it's like and that
manifests like a disappointment when you
look in the mirror or you know when you
see your body or that kind of thing it's
like an
incongruence with what you wish you were
seeing or
or your mental expectation
to uh reality
so what is you foreign euphoria would be
a feeling of of it would be like the
opposite it would be feeling like
joy at like what you're seeing or
what you look at when you so
so my understanding is that that's like
that's gender dysphoria or gender
euphoria
so sure but that euphoria is just
feeling good yeah yeah but like if
so if a trans euphoric yeah but also
a trans woman often putting on a skirt
and doing a twirl is euphoric
yeah and that means you have gender
euphoria because you have
presented femininely and it feels good
and that is enough
in my mind to to transition uh you know
we all should be which is kind of
a little bit contentious some people
believe that you have to feel bad
to transition but i think we should all
be choosing
our best lives and like trying to
chase happiness um wherever we go
and so so if i'm understanding you
correctly like so to be trans is to
have a dissatisfaction with when you
look at yourself in the mirror
and to have a satisfaction when your
outward appearance
or your body mirrors something of your
mental expectation
yeah okay thanks a lot for explaining
that
i'm gonna is it okay if i share like my
some of my experiences working with
trans people and how they've described
it to me
yeah and there's i mean there's
definitely more i could say oh yeah so
please say more
um i mean i think there's also it's also
a hormonal thing
often um so it can be it can also be a
dissatisfaction
or with testosterone or satisfaction
with testosterone and
and the inverse um i found myself
disliking how testosterone felt in me
and that was
one of the largest drives for me to try
estrogen and try blocking testosterone
and um
that that was kind of the doorway to
opening up my trans identity
but i come from i actually come from a
biochemistry background
so that was kind of like i looked at it
tried to look at it in like a very
chemical kind of way
like you know and i feel like my brain
was always meant
to be on estrogen like that was just
better for me and and i
haven't how did you feel on testosterone
um i felt you know it it's a little bit
difficult because it's you know it's
been so long ago it's like a whole
different person to go i've like gone
through a different i've gone through a
second puberty
and now i have emerged a totally
different entity
than than the me on testosterone
i feel um and uh
i i felt like i didn't have
as much emotional resolution um
and i kind of feel like i should
disclaim this like you know
when you accept yourself and transition
at the same time it can be kind of hard
to
differentiate what is what is
from accepting yourself and
understanding your mental state better
and what is from
these hormones you're taking um and it's
like
you know it's it's both uh but i felt
i felt like um but also estrogen has
increased my sensitivity
to lights sounds tastes and smells
um and i feel like i have a greater
emotional
bandwidth like uh like sadness is
many different colors instead of just
you know a generalized feeling of
being sad now i i feel like i can
understand a lot more of the nuance
um sounds like a hack
sounds like an emotional yeah
sounds like i mean we're like we're here
living i choose your own hormone
adventure you know all you need
to justify transition is the any
transition
in my mind is a feeling beyond a
reasonable doubt that it's
gonna be what what's good what's
it's gonna improve your life it's gonna
make you feel better okay
so um is it okay if i share kind of my
perspective
so what i'd like to do is like sure ask
a couple of questions which may come
across as challenging but i want to
share
my perspective of understanding
transgender
and sort of get your thoughts on that so
here's the first thing
um so i had a couple of
people that i worked with that really
explained this to me well so
i think my best understanding of
transgender
really what i think helped me as a cis
male understand transgender
is to like take your cis
so let's take cis men okay so like most
i guess
i do think that 51 of twitch hat is
cisgendered men um statistically
i could be wrong here i don't really
know and so like you know go
buy a pair of high heels and go buy a
dress
your choice if you want to get makeup
and jewelry and whatnot
and put those on and the second you put
those on
you are going to feel intensely
uncomfortable look at yourself in the
mirror and it's going to feel
icky it's going to be feel weird it's
going to feel awkward
now that is the way that a transgender
person feels before they transition
every single day yes
how's that for a description
i think it's the best way that i've come
to understand what it's like to
empathize with a transgender person
um the first time i got brave enough to
go to a thrift store
and find a dress it wasn't even i mean
it's it's not like the it's not a very
pretty dress even
um and like it's not even it wasn't even
like a great dress but i
i managed to get a dress and i put it on
and i
loved how i looked so much i wore as
much as i possibly could for like
four days i was just jumping around my
apartment because i felt
finally liberated and free and that part
of me that like i had
repressed for so long like at some point
i learned
that me wearing a dress was wrong that
me expressing femininity was wrong
and that was like locked away until
until i finally was able to like
overcome that
um and it was it was amazing
yeah um so so you know that's the best
way i can
understand it in terms of like the
intense
on discomfort you feel in the relief
that you feel when you get out of those
clothes
is sort of like what a transgender
person feels like
now i i have a couple questions for you
so like let's say that i
when i look at myself in the mirror i
have a feeling
that my nose looks wrong
and then i decide to have surgery to
fix my nose what do you think about that
um i think
i think that uh if your nose looking
wrong or your discomfort your nose
severely impacts your mental health that
you should
get surgery or you know try to
try to improve your perception of
yourself
either through surgery or yeah
i mean i i'm down so i think you should
i'm gonna disagree with you is that okay
for me to do yeah that's fine
so i come from kind of honestly stuff
i'm i'm really conflicted about some of
this stuff because i see two sides of a
coin
on the one hand like it really helps me
understand like the trans person's
perspective and like i said that's the
that's the perspective that helped me
understand trans the best and the one
that made the most sense to be
and it makes a lot of sense that like
you know if you just feel like you're in
the wrong skin
to get into the right skin the
the the confusion that i have because
this is an internal disagreement it's
not that i disagree with you it's that i
disagree with parts of myself because i
understand that like that's
i get what i just explained i this other
part that comes from like
more of an eastern tradition of like
yoga and meditation and stuff like that
which actually posits that our sense of
identity
on the whole is actually like false
and that what truly makes us human is
not gender
is not letters after my name is not a
particular age
and that there is some sort of
inescapable humanness that is our truest
form of self
and that the more that you peel back
identity the closer you become to your
true self
and so i get a little bit conflicted
because also as a psychiatrist
i've been trained that some people have
something called body dysmorphia
and and so like you know homosexuality
used to be a psychiatric illness
i probably to a certain degree
transgenderism used to be a psychiatric
illness
now we describe something called gender
dysphoria which kind of focuses on the
dis
or gender identity disorder it doesn't
necessarily mean that
gender identity is disordered it means
that some people
have a pathology associated with gender
identity
right it's like the disorder is not
doesn't define
it's not that your gender identity or
gender identity can cause
a disorder but it can also not cause a
disorder
and so what i kind of struggle with is
that like what i'm hearing you say
and i understand like one side of it
right just kind of like i explained
but what i'm kind of confused by is like
at what point do we let
feelings determine identity
you know so that there's a part of me
for like my yogic training actually
tells me that feelings should be the
last thing
to determine identity because feelings
are just feeling in who i am is who i am
and my feelings do not define me as a
human being
i'm curious what do you think about that
um
how do you feel about happiness
like is is is happiness something that
we should
pursue how do you define happiness
um uh dopamines
serotonins no uh i don't think that's
something we should pursue
okay interesting right so like if i
believed that
dopamine was worth pursuing for its own
sake i would be okay with cocaine use
i'm not okay with cocaine use huh
yeah right i mean me neither
but um that's a
real quick shot of dopamine right there
it is it is but it's incredibly harmful
to long-term
dopamine generation you know you gotta i
should like min max your dopamine
farming
yeah but i i know for sustainability
yeah go ahead so i i don't even think
that's a good idea
so yeah so so like this is where i think
happiness like what is happiness
is it the chasing of like positive
feelings
no i think what we should chase is like
calmness tranquility contentment and
peace
which is not necessarily happiness right
right i definitely am in the camp of
like we should be chasing
chasing happiness and um but i think you
can definitely
get happiness from
you know calmness tranquility and like
meditation is like an important
part of of being a happy being um
and i mean we should all be
we shall be looking for better but i
think
a quest to pursue
happiness is is worth it on its own
and i i
i feel like i i i have a personal
philosophy that people
if people pursued if people were maybe a
little more selfish
and pursued their happiness more they
could
um they could live better lives
and and make changes to like improve
where they're at
and to a point like i feel like there's
so much like accepting a bad situation
and being at peace with your bad
situation uh
at what point do you like try to
manifest change
for better so i think that accepting
your bad situation is the first step to
manifesting change
i don't think that the two are mutually
exclusive i think actually a lot of the
problems that we run into
in terms of why people are stuck is
because they don't accept where they are
they focus too much on where they want
to be
they focus too much about finding
happiness
if dot dot dot i would be happier
if dot dot dot if i was
in you know a different place
if i had a girlfriend if i had more
money if i was promoted
if i was this if i was that if i was in
a different body
right so like a lot of what you
described makes sense to me in terms of
like
feelings and and identity and dysphoria
like when i look at myself in the mirror
i imagine that i would be happier if i
did not have my dad bod with my dad gun
i look at myself and i i strive and want
to be
more physically in shape
and i'm not so sure i think it's fine to
exercise i think it's good to exercise
personally i i'm a little bit conflicted
because at the same time
i think that like chasing after a
particular external thing
and especially when i work with people
with body dysmorphia which i do believe
is actually an illness
or illness really isn't the right word i
do think it causes a lot of suffering
let me put it that way
yeah and so i'm curious what do you
think about like body dysmorphia and i'm
happy to define it if you
want go ahead yeah so it's like you know
generally we think about people who
look at themselves in the mirror or and
are unsatisfied with what they see
and go to great lengths to change things
and sometimes even on an objective
measure so like the most difficult
patients i've ever had to deal with
in my history as a psychiatrist is male
bodybuilders with body dysmorphia
they're every time they look in the
mirror they're unsatisfied with what
they see
and it's it's you know they make
progress and they're still unsatisfied
and so i really struggle with
the concept the yogic side of me so i
like i understand the transgender
example because that sort of just makes
sense to me and on the flip side the
yogic side of me
struggles because i i don't really
understand
something feels wrong to me about
letting your feelings determine who you
are as a person
right because something is feels wrong
to me when someone has been like
raised in an abusive household and they
feel like they're
bad people and those are determined by
the way that they feel i do not believe
that their identity is accurately
determined by the way that they feel
sure yeah whether it be narcissism
or low self-worth
i i'm just not sure
what do you think about that i
agree with you you're certainly giving
me something to think about like i
uh
um
it's tricky because i think if someone
is like if maybe we can go back to the
nose example
if if someone is
is is fixating on the fact that they
don't don't like their nose
intensely if it's like distracting them
from their day-to-day if it's
a mental handicap for them to to to have
have something that they could and and
they have the ability
to change that i think that they should
to better their mental health and
especially like
if you're talking about trans people
that you know taking different hormones
could liberate so many mental processes
that they're not that are are
spent um being uncomfortable with their
body
or spent like
spent on these feelings um
then i think like i
i fundamentally think that you you
should act on
on feelings but maybe not maybe not all
feelings
so i have i mean i certainly have to
think about um
yeah yeah it's certainly something for
me to meditate on
yeah i mean it's something that i
struggle with because like
you know on on one hand of the spectrum
like i sort of
you know so my daughter loves to wear an
elsa dress
you know she like really loves like
sometimes she'll just change at random
times like she'll like
get ready for the day and then like 3 30
i'll roll around and she's like i feel
like being a princess
she'll go upstairs and she'll just like
change into her house address
and you know there's a part of me that
that's kind of like okay like you do you
right like so we want to support kids
and let them be like who they are and if
you want to be a princess then like by
all means go for
it there's another part of me that sort
of wonders a little bit though like
there's there's some
parts of me that are concerned one is
that like ultimately what i'm
teaching my daughter is that her
happiness is dependent on the kind of
clothing she wears
or her perception of her identity or how
she looks on the outside
that's not something i actually want to
instill in my daughter
like there's a part of me that wants
like she asks for princess things and as
a parent i'm like absolutely go for it
like you do you
and then like i'm conflicted because
then there's another part of me like
what am i teaching her
that the clothing that you wear in the
way that you look on the outside
determines who you are because that i
wouldn't agree with at all
like i just don't know right you know so
i i just want to
yeah i would say that her enjoyment has
has value
right her her positive feelings you know
she's she wants she wants to enjoy this
she feels good
completely
i i think i think if you if you like
you kind of you're maybe running the
risk of like
hurting her enjoyment of a thing
to you know when you remind her that
like
this shouldn't matter in in that sense
that like
uh absolutely so i think that's really
tricky
are you feeling okay by the way is it
okay that we're having this discussion
yeah we're in a difficult we're in
difficult and kind of existential places
but i
i feel good i'm comfortable uh do you
feel attacked or
well anyway no okay no so so
i'm with you there too because like i
kind of get what you're saying that
you know i i bock at the word should
like that she should be something right
and so to sacrifice enjoyment for the
sake of what she should be
because that i think is a whole
different problem that i also
react very negatively against right that
we tell people that
you're not allowed to be happy unless
you are
what i think you should be that's a
whole i mean that's how
you know gender identity discrimination
started right with that concept
so i i i take issue with that and at the
same time i also kind of have this other
side of the coin and this is really why
i struggle with this stuff
is you know to
to chase good feelings i think is also
problematic from the yogic side
right because to say that like hey if it
if you feel
happier doing it go for it
right because because then you kind of
get back to like the trolls of the
internet because
like are we saying that they should
sacrifice their trollish enjoyment for
the sake of what we think they should be
or are we saying like actually
satisfying your enjoyment because of the
way that you feel
and if you're like if i'm a nazi and it
satisfies my sense
like it gratifies my feelings
to act behave or even portray myself in
a particular way like let's say i get a
tattoo
then like how do we navigate like i i
just rub up against this issue of like
feelings determining identity and
chasing
good feelings
it's like an emotional there's like an
emotional maturity
and like emotional intelligence side of
this of like
not trying to hurt other people like it
feels good
to help other people and um
if you if you're chasing good feelings
in a self-harming way i don't think
that's a good thing for you to be doing
if you're chasing feelings in a way that
hurts other people
that makes other people's lives worse i
don't think
you're you're you're doing
doing the right thing either so
agree i think that the tricky thing
though is like this kind of comes back
to your succulents
i think something about you
really like gets at people and i'm not
saying that's bad
but i think like something about you
like really rubs people the wrong way
right and it could be because you're
challenging things that need to be
challenged
but it's kind of interesting because
like i don't know
why when they look at you like it's
[ __ ] crazy stuff like why are they
doxxing you what did you do
because there's no way that you said
something it just doesn't
it doesn't compute in my mind that you
have the power
to say anything that evokes the response
that you've got
yeah right well i think right i agree
with you i mean
it hasn't i've been around for a long
time and it hasn't gotten this bad until
like
twitch endorsed me in the sense of
hiring me
definitely assumed like i wasn't
as soon as as soon as twitch the entity
gave me their endorsement it became an
issue that i was
this way that i am who i am did i say
what i say
yeah so i mean i think this is where
like i once again i'm kind of conflicted
because that makes a lot like it just
doesn't make sense that you're deserving
of what happened to you and at the same
time
i feel like their reactions have some
kind of dysphoria based on who you
are and in my experience a lot of anger
and hatred actually stems from hurt
more than anything else that like if you
look at the insult community like i
think there are a lot of people who have
been hurt
and that hurt somehow transforms into
hatred and now i get really confused
because then it's like
it's kind of like you know is that woman
responsible for hurting
that that dude because i i that doesn't
feel right to me
yeah and and so so i i think it just
it gets really confusing for me because
i don't really know how to navigate okay
so
you know gratifying your own feelings at
the expense of others
sounds bad but now we get to this
ridiculous situation where your
existence
hurts other people right because that's
what you said like you said
like they're like they're just
transphobic and then like
yeah i'm just i'm confused i don't i
don't really know like how to
sort through this because i have these
two really strong conflicting kind of
views
one is and i can lay those out to you
one is that like feelings
the yogic part of me says that feelings
should not determine identity in fact
the more that you let your feelings
determine identity the more suffering
you'll lead and the more
false identity you'll build that's what
sort of yoga and buddhism sort of says
that if i like determine
my identity based on a feeling of pride
because i'm
ceo of xyz or i have a particular net
worth
that's going to cause problems how
how do how are trans people like just in
general how do they reconcile their
existence
to to that you're the that's fine
i don't know because i understand the
perspective i understand the perspective
of like
you know if i if i like put on high
heels in a dress that would feel really
[ __ ] uncomfortable
and it makes perfect sense to me that
if i was in that if i was in the
position where i was waking up every day
and society told me to wear
high heels in a dress i would completely
get behind someone who says i don't want
to wear high heels in a dress
i want to wear jeans and a t-shirt and i
would support a person 100
makes perfect sense to me and it's
conflicting with this other thing
all right yeah sure well uh
um i mean we're all
we're all out here trying to do our best
right that's like i'm not
and and i don't think life is something
to just drift
drift through in the sense of like you
know
mitigate i don't think we should be
mitigating
emotions i mean you're you're the expert
on like this
this philosophy that like i'm trying to
quickly you know
integrate and like understand but
um you know i think i think
life the we're gonna get
really deep i think
i think one of the fundamental purposes
of
of what one of the fundamental joys of
existing
in life and and that kind of thing is
appreciating art
in in moments in in the present
or just you know what other humans have
made i think that's something that's
like
cool fundamentally awesome about the
human consciousness that like we can
make and share art uh
and feel feel feel things
about it not just not just good things
but all things
and i think i think in that way feelings
give my life purpose
uh they're like they're they're very
important
and they can be destructive and they can
be
dangerous and you know like
uh new like new relationship energy is
something
i love because it makes me feel really
good
but i have to be very careful about like
you know
uh about like not hurting people along
the way when i go if i go and date and
flirt with someone new
like it's super exciting and fun and
like i get all
joyous and i jump around i have energy
i'm happy
and and i like that i like being happy
and i
want to continue chasing those feelings
um because i feel like they
make me the kind of person that can also
share that happiness with others
um which is something i
fundamentally like want to do is make
other people happy
and i think some of that boy brain
tangence
i mean some of that is definitely coming
from like
uh old feeling of like trying to find
worth in
uh a family that like
you know like like i wasn't i wasn't as
academically gifted as my older brother
for instance
and um you know so i found i found value
in like making puns
i've got a huge pun brain by the way i
don't i don't
i like don't i actually like suppress
my my punliness i'm really good at
making puns but don't do it
why is it sad because i think the best
part of what you have to offer the world
may be puns
if it's what your brain was made for
then give it to us dude
yeah sure but i mean there's
they're they're they're funnier jokes
and puns have a place in time and it
should not be used as a substitute for
conversation
in my opinion and some people like
instead of having a real conversation
kind of it was it was a behavior
for me that was distracted destructive
in the sense that like okay
instead of yeah anyway um
so i think i'm worth way more than my
puns dr
k um
but uh yeah so like i have the strive to
make people happy and
it is it does feel existentially
fulfilling when i have a stream and
i make people's day and you know they're
going through something and like
i can help them feel better like that is
why i turn on the camera
every time that i do that's why i'm like
driven to streaming
as much as i am it's like wanting to
heal heal people
and help them feel better
interesting okay so i mean i'm hearing
you kind of share my dichotomy
because you're kind of saying that like
you know flirtation and stuff
makes you feel good and i i don't know
if you quite said this but
that maybe that's not necessarily a
healthy thing to chase
do you have to be careful yeah you can't
just chase
happiness absolutely not yeah so i think
that's kind of the the struggle and i'm
just kind of thinking about the people
who are watching and like one of the
things that i really struggle with
you know when i work with our community
is like how do they know
which are the feelings to give into and
which are the ones
to overcome right which feelings do you
chase
and which feelings do you set aside like
how do you know like and we get to this
very like the best example i can think
of is quitting
how do you know when like quitting is
the right move and for you to say like
okay this actually isn't gonna work i
should drop out
of college or i'm i'm going for like i'm
trying to become a pro gamer and like
now it's time to quit
like it's enough yeah is enough
you know and when do you give in to that
sense of wanting to give up
and when do you say to yourself okay
even though i have these feelings
i'm not going to let them define me as a
person
because the really tricky thing and this
is the dichotomy that i run into is like
on the one hand i'm with you
right like but there isn't always a
clear answer there are some times where
letting your feelings and this kind of
goes back to your
you know something really rubbed me the
wrong way with the way that you defined
a furry which was something about
you know your identity is based on the
wish that your body had
animal attributes and
and i i don't know if i i i've missed
the first couple words of that
definition
but there's just something that feels
like scary to me about like having your
identity be defined by your wishes
like that just doesn't i feel like what
makes people human
is not what they wish for it's like what
they are
right right so like you know and and
maybe this just comes from medicine but
i'm specifically thinking about it
you know a kid with pediatric cancer and
like
boy there are a lot of wishes in the
room but that's not yeah
yeah and who they are is is
very different from what they wish for
and so i just kind of struggle with like
you know when do you let your feelings
determine who you
are like if you're an incel
you say like okay i feel like i'm
unlovable and so
that's who i i am an insult they claim
this identity based on feelings
and and that there's a part of me that
like understands where they're coming
from but there's a part of me that's
that just grates against me and even
when you talk about phrase i'm not
trying to be
not understanding or challenge them or
things like that
um but but there is just something that
like rubs me the wrong way from a yoga
perspective that even like describing
myself as a male
is a yogic mistake and
and describing myself as an anything is
a mistake because you are not
determined by
and sorry if i'm talking too much but
like i'll offer one last example
which is like i i sometimes think about
when i became a doctor
and it's not when i got an md after my
name
right like who you are is not determined
by how you
look or this is what i i sort of at the
end of the day this is what robs me the
wrong ways like i feel like who i am is
not determined by the fact that i have a
penis
or that i'm a doctor or that i'm indian
or that i'm a male
that my humanity actually transcends all
of those qualities
yeah i i would and i would agree with
that
i mean we are all individuals and in a
lot of ways labels
labels help us identity labels help us
understand each other in broad strokes
but ultimately to like know somebody you
have to
know them as a human outside of outside
of those
so any idea like if you had to give
people concrete advice people who are
thinking about
quitting because they feel a certain way
any thoughts about like what you would
tell them because you've struggled
a lot with like who you are and what
your feelings tell you
and it sounds like you've come to a
place of like peace and contentment and
tranquility around that
and sorry for coming on the spot but
does that make sense like because you've
walked
it does yeah well you're i mean you a
folk
you evoked quitting like esports
and and that kind of thing quitting in
competitive
i i in a lot of ways i would say that
quitting is difficult because i think
people subject themselves to a lot of
harm before
they decide that it's time to quit
because it's really hard to give up
on an investment that you've put
yourself into and admit
that something was was not healthy for
you
or is now not healthy for you um
and i think i think it's important to
um
appreciate appreciate the journey for
what it is and the path
and be proud of yourself for trying as
hard as as hard as you did
but uh i think
if you if it's time to quit
i feel like in a lot of ways you already
know that you just haven't
accepted it yet that like you've you've
been
feeling bad for a while and persisting
none persisting anyway and that
um
uh and if that isn't trans that isn't if
you're not if that's not changing into
something that's healthier for you
like like the thing you're looking for
the the wish that you're actually a pro
gamer the wish that you're on the team
um you you have two choices really and
it's to either like
how i see it anyway it's either to
double down and try harder
or to stop and
let it be and you know
try to find something else to do um
and so if you're on that precipice and
doubling down if that's not an option
you know i think that's the first that's
what people really look at is like can i
can i do better can i really
can i push myself harder um
but uh
yeah thanks for so much for that
perspective steph i really appreciate it
we kind of we've been kind of at this
for a little while how are you how are
you holding up
i'm pretty tired and you get more water
yeah do you want to
um should we go ahead and wrap up or you
want to try meditating or take
i'm kind of spent too to be honest i
think why don't we why don't we why
don't we wrap up
i mean if you'd have me on again i'd be
happy too
yeah i'm kind of curious actually a
little bit about we didn't really get
into like what
your you mentioned a little bit about
your brother and what your upbringing
was like and i'd i'd love to hear
more about that at some point um yeah
sure
you know forget about sort of the drama
and your gender identity and all that
kind of stuff which we kind of focused
on today and just
talk about like you irrespective of your
you know whether you're a furry or other
cancer
you know i don't really care about any
of that stuff
um yeah i'm i'm not another kin but
yeah um so so
how do you feel about meditation
i i like meditating okay i don't i i
don't often um i wish i did more but
um so there's a particular you said
you're going to go get you want to get
some water
yeah go get some water yeah can you get
something to eat as well
yeah sure okay yeah just get some small
amount of food to eat
and youtube to a chat we're gonna do a
meditation
yeah i mean you know so i i know that
i mean we i don't know how to say this
but like so
i think it's okay to disagree with staff
right like i disagree with stuff like i
mean the last 30 minutes has been
on some level me disagreeing with staff
i don't think i mean i would hope that
chad is so you know these are not
how can i say this the stream is not
about people being right and y'all being
wrong
right it's like it's not about you being
right and them being on it's about like
listening to someone else's perspective
and you're welcome to disagree with it
i'd encourage you to disagree with it
i'd encourage you to disagree with us
and that's okay like it's just about
hearing another person's perspective
yeah so that if steph i was trying to oh
she can't hear yet um
yeah i mean so then like this is the
kind of sorry stuff i was interacting
with chat for a moment
and i was trying to get a sense of like
what chat has been like and it seems
like i mean i've been glancing over from
time times pretty okay to me
but apparently that some people are are
you know being a little bit toxic
towards you which i guess is not
unexpected as
you come to expect and at the same time
i'm just really curious about like
why they have to treat like i'm just
curious like what about
you know it goes back to your succulents
like what what is it about you that they
have to
hate and attack like why do they care so
much
to come and spew you know i i just don't
understand like i genuinely do not
understand it
like what you know why not do something
more productive with their day
then come here and try to talk trash
um i'm not
it's not a rhetorical question i don't
have any questions like what do
what do people gain right so they're
chasing a feeling too
or they're chasing an identity and a
feeling that comes from attacking you in
some way
it's like what is that are they like
making the world a better place
by calling someone trash and
twitch chat like are they solving the
world's problems and standing up for
injustice
um yeah that's that's not my question to
answer
yeah i i really don't but steph i think
honestly part of the problem with
the way that we treat the internet is
that we don't actually talk to the
people who are toxic
which i know is a really dangerous game
but it's something that i'm
i hope to do more of how do you feel
about that i do i've i mean i've talked
to a lot of my harassers to try to
understand them
yeah they have how's that sound
not well i suggest
usually well oh really cool can yeah
most i mean most people that have a
dialogue with me
um feel better about me by the end of
the dialogue
as i don't have enough there's not
enough stuff to go around
um and uh
uh usually people think a lot of
very very prominent thought is that i
have mental illness
and i'm invalid as a human that should
like
exist and speak and have my my
perspectives are in some way like
dangerous toxic and like i should be
quarantined away
and that's that's why a lot of them want
to hurt me
um others are on the bandwagon want
someone to bully
i am a valid target for bullying
in their brain and uh they get some
enjoyment out of that they don't know
who it's okay to be mean to
so when they find someone when it's like
they have the target
they're like okay with it
i guess you're contagious your
transgenderism is contagious is that
what they're afraid of
i don't think it's that but maybe maybe
partially
my whole it's like it's like because
it's just like this
right so when people use it yeah
quarantined i think of the word
contagious
yeah maybe it's just like my radical
self-acceptance
is super dangerous and like my
acceptance of other people is
dangerous and i i don't like
it's kind of unfair to like have me
be the one who
answers for my trolls yeah i can only
kind of say what
i kind of see but they're all
individuals that have their own personal
reasons and when i paint them in broad
strokes they just get more angry
it's unfair it's unfair to ask you to do
that
yeah yeah okay so let's talk about
meditation
so you grab something to nibble on i
have a nibble
okay awesome so i want you to yeah oh go
and open it up
and twitch chat you guys grab something
as well
we're gonna have a zen moment with
twitch chat and everyone i like this
zen i don't not twitch chat come on
stuff
i i want to forget if i'm projecting
we're gonna
we're gonna see if we can get by the
next couple of minutes without
you know creating a dank meme that's the
best we can hope for
the sad moment happens it happens but
okay so i want you to sit up straight
at some some somewhere in twitch chat
people are having a set moment with us
there's always that is represented too
so sit up straight and go and close your
eyes
and feel the person that you are
just try to i know this is going to
sound weird
but how do you know
you exist you don't have to answer
and try to figure out like what is it
that lets you know
that you exist
and so that starts with sort of the
sense of
you yeah go ahead
so just feel the person that you are
there's something there that is doing
some kind of experiencing right you may
feel your body
a lot of times people can feel their
breath
you may notice your thoughts
so somewhere in there is you
and sometimes people have a perception
that
what they are is to be shamed
or to be proud of
but i encourage you if you feel anything
either positive or negative just notice
that that is a feeling
it is an emotion that goes across
the screen of yourself
that feelings fluctuate with time
and at the end of the day no matter what
the feeling itself is or the thought is
that there is an experiencer of those
thoughts and feelings
there's a backdrop under which thoughts
and feelings exist
now try to get a sense of the person who
experiences the feelings
are you the feelings or are you the
experiencer of feelings
and are your thoughts you or are your
thoughts
thought by
try to just get a sense of like sit with
the person that you are for a moment
now i want you to think about the ways
in which you identify yourself
whether it be gender or job
or location or name
gamer troll
genius
kind compassionate
good person
or shame worthless
a ball of envy
a ball of fantasy hope
longing wishing
that you are something else
whatever it may be
pride accomplishment
however you think of yourself
and now take a bite of your nibble
and then ask yourself who is it that's
doing the
tasting as you taste this thing
is this person accomplished are they
shameful
are they a man are they a woman
are they a streamer
what is this person then tunnel down
into this
experience precisely where is the gender
in this
where is the accomplishment where is the
shame those things may exist
somewhere within you but in this moment
you're just someone is eating
and focus on the taste that is left in
your mouth
maybe the sensations of little crumbs or
whatever there may be
and try to ask yourself where is the
gender here
where is the joy where is the happiness
where is the hatred where is the shame
where is the gamer
what is this person
and as best as you can notice that
underneath all of these qualities
whether it be age or name
or a sense of bank account or
accomplishment or lack of accomplishment
there's just
you
that there may be some things that
fluctuate within you but at the end of
the day there's
just you on a good day
on a bad day yesterday today tomorrow
and take solace in who you are whether
what's on the inside is good or bad
because that changes are days that you
can forget
and days that you remember strongly
but if that's true then neither of those
things can truly be you it can feel like
you
you can be one with infused with what's
on the inside
but at the end of the day you are just
you
that you may have feelings you may have
desires
you may have questions you may have
confusion
but that you are what you are and
there's actually nothing wrong with you
even if there's unhappiness that
unhappiness can just be a shade of who
you are
and there's nothing right you are what
you
are
and when you're ready let steph come
back
allow her back in advocate
champion
villain
all of those things that's that
right and so be it like step is a cool
person it doesn't have to be you
and no matter what you feel or how
people treat you theft
no one can take what you are away from
you
they can just make you feel a certain
way but they can't take you away from
you
sorry did you say something i i didn't
oh what's up i said thank you oh you're
welcome
how do you feel what was that like does
that make sense i can never tell
because i can't actually read your mind
yeah
no it made sense it was it was nice it
was good to take it
take a moment to kind of deconstruct
uh existence and experience
i a good way to put it we are
we are a lot of things i am i am a lot
of brain
i am not just my taste buds but i can be
just my taste buds they're in the right
in in the right mind state so
yeah so oddly enough if i can give you a
direction
is that okay so i'd encourage you to
you know you can do this practice or
breathing practices or whatever
and when you say i'm a lot of things
i would really check because i think
that is the statement that i disagree
with the most and this is the one i'm
confident about
that you are none of those things
staff may be a lot of things but you are
none of those things
and so see which of those things you
actually are
yeah i know it doesn't make sense don't
worry about it
yeah my microphone doesn't it seems to
not want to work as well all of a sudden
i'll lean in maybe it's because we've
gotten we've gotten all quiet
yeah well thanks a lot for coming on
i i this was i didn't know you know what
people were expecting or what you were
expecting
but i'm always happy to disappoint
no you were you were great i've heard
great things i haven't like
watched your content before but you were
you're a good host
and uh you know i appreciate that
we are different people and we got to
have like such a good discourse and i
got to speak my mind which is like
ah really nice to me thank you so much
by the way to speak
for me is like really so thank you for
giving me the platform to do that like
it's really nice
i hope we've been helpful in some small
way and i really wish you all the best i
don't
i mean you may deserve i know this
sounds bizarre but i think that like
you got to be careful in terms of
sometimes i think when we get a bunch of
criticism
we may deserve some of that criticism
but i can't imagine anything that you've
said or done
that makes you deserving of the way that
people are treating you
you know there's just no way i just
don't see it
i just i there's no way that i can
fathom what you're experiencing is
actually what you deserve
doesn't mean that you didn't screw up
here or there you know
that's usually what happens but it
sounds like really unfair
the way that people are treating you
so good luck to you steph thank you
you have a good day chat you have a good
day too
bye
you